Add service_msgs package (#143)
ros2/rcl_interfaces: service_msgs/README.md

# service_msgs

> This package contains message types useful for ros2 services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package contains message types used by ROS services.
```

Reviewer: [f274555](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/f27455529315fbbc6f49a16f852156e379bab2c5)

> More information about services can be found on its [design article](http://design.ros2.org/articles/actions.html).

Reviewer: This tutorial might be the best place to reference for an intro to ROS services: https://docs.ros.org/en/foxy/Tutorials/Beginner-CLI-Tools/Understanding-ROS2-Services/Understanding-ROS2-Services.html

Reviewer: [f274555](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/f27455529315fbbc6f49a16f852156e379bab2c5)

For more information about ROS 2 interfaces, see [docs.ros.org](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Concepts/About-ROS-Interfaces.html).

## Messages (.msg)

> * [ServiceEventInfo](msg/ServiceEventInfo.msg): Service event information.

Reviewer: I would elaborate here a bit more about how this is part of the service introspection feature (with a link to the REP).

Reviewer: [f274555](https://github.com/ros2/rcl_interfaces/pull/143/commits/f27455529315fbbc6f49a16f852156e379bab2c5)
